Update wcf-webhttp-adapter.md: Formatting edits with comments and example (#993)
MicrosoftDocs/biztalk-docs: biztalk/core/wcf-webhttp-adapter.md

>    | **HTTP Method and URL Mapping** | BTS Operation Mapping allows users to map incoming HTTP requests to BTS Operation in the message context, based on the incoming HTTP Method and the URL sub-path. The incoming HTTP Method and the URL sub-path are matched against a set of HTTP method and the URI Template. If a match is found, the adapter promotes the **BTS.Operation** property to the BizTalk Message Context with the value specified in the message.<br /><br /> You can specify HTTP method to URL mapping as a singular format or a multi-mapping format. The multi-mapping format resembles the following:<br /><br /> `<BtsHttpUrlMapping> <Operation Name = "DelCust" Method="DELETE" Url="/Customer/12345</BtsHttpUrlMapping>`<br /><br /> In the above snippet, notice that the customer ID is provided as a constant value, which is *12345*. However, there could be scenarios when the customer ID, or any other query variable, must be determined at runtime. To enable such scenarios, you must provide the variable component of the URL within curly brackets { }. For example, in the above snippet, if you specify the customer ID as a variable, it would look like:<br /><br /> `<BtsHttpUrlMapping> <Operation Name = "DelCust" Method="DELETE" Url="/Customer/{ID}</BtsHttpUrlMapping>`<br /><br /> In such a case, you must also specify where the value for the variable **ID** must be picked from at runtime. You specify that using **Variable Mapping**.<br /><br />**Note**<br /> Within the URL field, any special XML characters must be "escaped". This ensures that the special XML characters are processed, and preserved by the port. For example, the `&` special character must be escaped as `&amp;`. <br /><br />From:<br />`Url=”/Customer?{ID}&group={Location}”`<br />To: <br />`Url=”/Customer?{ID}&amp;group={Location}”` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | **HTTP Method and URL Mapping** | BTS Operation Mapping lets you map incoming HTTP requests to the BTS Operation in the message context, based on the incoming HTTP method and the URL subpath. The incoming HTTP method and the URL subpath are matched against a set of HTTP methods and the URI template. If a match is found, the adapter promotes the **BTS.Operation** property to the BizTalk Message Context with the value specified in the message. <br><br> You can specify the HTTP method to the URL mapping as a singular format or a multi-mapping format. The multi-mapping format resembles the following syntax: <br><br>`<BtsHttpUrlMapping> <Operation Name= "DelCust" Method="DELETE" Url="/Customer/12345" /> </BtsHttpUrlMapping>` <br><br>In the above snippet, the customer ID is provided as a constant value, which is *12345*. However, there might be scenarios where the customer ID, or any other query variable, must be determined at runtime. To enable such scenarios, you must provide the variable component of the URL within curly brackets (**{}**). For example, in the above snippet, if you specify the customer ID as a variable, the syntax looks like the following version: <br><br>`<BtsHttpUrlMapping> <Operation Name="DelCust" Method="DELETE" Url="/Customer/{ID}" /> </BtsHttpUrlMapping>` <br><br>In this case, you must also specify from where to get the value for the **ID** variable at runtime. You can specify this value using **Variable Mapping**. <br><br>**Note**: Within the URL field, you must "escape" any special XML characters to make sure that the port processes and preserves the special characters. For example, you must escape the `&` special character as `&amp;`. <br><br>For the following text: <br>`Url="/Customer?{ID}&group={Location}"` <br>Use the following version: <br>`Url="/Customer?{ID}&amp;group={Location}"` <br><br>If the REST service also requires that you escape special character within the URL used at runtime, you might have to use double-escaping. <br><br>For the following text:: <br>`Url="/Customer?{ID}&amp;group={Location}"` <br>Use the following version: <br>`Url="/Customer?{ID}&amp;amp;group={Location}"` |
```

>    | **HTTP Method and URL Mapping** | BTS Operation Mapping lets you map incoming HTTP requests to the BTS Operation in the message context, based on the incoming HTTP method and the URL subpath. The incoming HTTP method and the URL subpath are matched against a set of HTTP methods and the URI template. If a match is found, the adapter promotes the **BTS.Operation** property to the BizTalk Message Context with the value specified in the message. <br><br>You can specify the HTTP method to the URL mapping as a singular format or a multi-mapping format. The multi-mapping format resembles the following syntax: <br><br>`<BtsHttpUrlMapping> <Operation Name= "DelCust" Method="DELETE" Url="/Customer/12345" /> </BtsHttpUrlMapping>` <br><br>In the above snippet, the customer ID is provided as a constant value, which is *12345*. However, there might be scenarios where the customer ID, or any other query variable, must be determined at runtime. To enable such scenarios, you must provide the variable component of the URL within curly brackets (**{}**). For example, in the above snippet, if you specify the customer ID as a variable, the syntax looks like the following version: <br><br>`<BtsHttpUrlMapping> <Operation Name="DelCust" Method="DELETE" Url="/Customer/{ID}" /> </BtsHttpUrlMapping>` <br><br>In this case, you must also specify from where to get the value for the **ID** variable at runtime. You can specify this value using **Variable Mapping**. <br><br>**Note**: Within the URL field, you must "escape" any special XML characters to make sure that the port processes and preserves the special characters. For example, you must escape the `&` special character as `&amp;`. <br><br>For the following text: <br>`Url="/Customer?{ID}&group={Location}"` <br>Use the following version: <br>`Url="/Customer?{ID}&amp;group={Location}"` <br><br>If the REST service also requires that you escape special character within the URL used at runtime, you might have to use double-escaping. <br><br>For the following text:: <br>`Url="/Customer?{ID}&amp;group={Location}"` <br>Use the following version: <br>`Url="/Customer?{ID}&amp;amp;group={Location}"` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | **HTTP Method and URL Mapping** | BTS Operation Mapping lets you map incoming HTTP requests to the BTS Operation in the message context, based on the incoming HTTP method and the URL subpath. The incoming HTTP method and the URL subpath are matched against a set of HTTP methods and the URI template. If a match is found, the adapter promotes the **BTS.Operation** property to the BizTalk Message Context with the value specified in the message. <br><br>You can specify the HTTP method to the URL mapping as a singular format or a multi-mapping format. The multi-mapping format resembles the following syntax: <br><br>`<BtsHttpUrlMapping> <Operation Name="DelCust" Method="DELETE" Url="/Customer/12345" /> </BtsHttpUrlMapping>` <br><br>In the above snippet, the customer ID is provided as a constant value, which is *12345*. However, there might be scenarios where the customer ID, or any other query variable, must be determined at runtime. To enable such scenarios, you must provide the variable component of the URL within curly brackets (**{}**). For example, in the above snippet, if you specify the customer ID as a variable, the syntax looks like the following version: <br><br>`<BtsHttpUrlMapping> <Operation Name="DelCust" Method="DELETE" Url="/Customer/{ID}" /> </BtsHttpUrlMapping>` <br><br>In this case, you must also specify from where to get the value for the **ID** variable at runtime. You can specify this value using **Variable Mapping**. <br><br>**Note**: Within the URL field, you must "escape" any special XML characters to make sure that the port processes and preserves the special characters. For example, you must escape the `&` special character as `&amp;`. <br><br>For the following text: <br>`Url="/Customer?{ID}&group={Location}"` <br>Use the following version: <br>`Url="/Customer?{ID}&amp;group={Location}"` <br><br>If the REST service also requires that you escape special character within the URL used at runtime, you might have to use double-escaping. <br><br>For the following text:: <br>`Url="/Customer?{ID}&amp;group={Location}"` <br>Use the following version: <br>`Url="/Customer?{ID}&amp;amp;group={Location}"` |
```

>    | **HTTP Method and URL Mapping** | BTS Operation Mapping allows users to map incoming HTTP requests to BTS Operation in the message context, based on the incoming HTTP Method and the URL sub-path. The incoming HTTP Method and the URL sub-path are matched against a set of HTTP method and the URI Template. If a match is found, the adapter promotes the **BTS.Operation** property to the BizTalk Message Context with the value specified in the message.<br /><br /> You can specify HTTP method to URL mapping as a singular format or a multi-mapping format. The multi-mapping format resembles the following:<br /><br /> `BtsHttpUrlMapping> <Operation Name = "DelCust" Method="DELETE" Url="/Customer/12345" /> </BtsHttpUrlMapping>`<br /><br /> In the above snippet, notice that the customer ID is provided as a constant value, which is *12345*. However, there could be scenarios when the customer ID, or any other query variable, must be determined at runtime. To enable such scenarios, you must provide the variable component of the URL within curly brackets { }. For example, in the above snippet, if you specify the customer ID as a variable, it would look like:<br /><br /> `<BtsHttpUrlMapping> <Operation Name = "DelCust" Method="DELETE" Url="/Customer/{ID}" /> </BtsHttpUrlMapping>`<br /><br /> In such a case, you must also specify where the value for the variable **ID** must be picked from at runtime. You specify that using **Variable Mapping**. <br /><br />**Note**<br /> Within the URL field, any special XML characters must be "escaped". This ensures that the special XML characters are processed, and preserved by the port. For example, the `&` special character must be escaped as `&amp;`. <br /><br />For:<br />`Url=”/Customer?{ID}&group={Location}”`<br />Use: <br />`Url=”/Customer?{ID}&amp;group={Location}”`<br /><br />If the REST service also requires the special character be escaped within the URL used at runtime, double-escaping may be required. <br /><br />For:<br />`Url=”/Customer?{ID}&amp;group={Location}”`<br />Use: <br />`Url=”/Customer?{ID}&amp;amp;group={Location}”` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | **HTTP Method and URL Mapping** | BTS Operation Mapping lets you map incoming HTTP requests to the BTS Operation in the message context, based on the incoming HTTP method and the URL subpath. The incoming HTTP method and the URL subpath are matched against a set of HTTP methods and the URI template. If a match is found, the adapter promotes the **BTS.Operation** property to the BizTalk Message Context with the value specified in the message. <br><br> You can specify the HTTP method to the URL mapping as a singular format or a multi-mapping format. The multi-mapping format resembles the following syntax: <br><br>`<BtsHttpUrlMapping> <Operation Name= "DelCust" Method="DELETE" Url="/Customer/12345" /> </BtsHttpUrlMapping>` <br><br>In the above snippet, the customer ID is provided as a constant value, which is *12345*. However, there might be scenarios where the customer ID, or any other query variable, must be determined at runtime. To enable such scenarios, you must provide the variable component of the URL within curly brackets (**{}**). For example, in the above snippet, if you specify the customer ID as a variable, the syntax looks like the following version: <br><br>`<BtsHttpUrlMapping> <Operation Name="DelCust" Method="DELETE" Url="/Customer/{ID}" /> </BtsHttpUrlMapping>` <br><br> In this case, you must also specify from where to get the value for the **ID** variable at runtime. You can specify this value using **Variable Mapping**. <br><br>**Note**:  Within the URL field, you must "escape" any special XML characters to make sure that the port processes and preserves the special characters. For example, you must escape the `&` special character as `&amp;`. <br><br>For the following text: <br>`Url="/Customer?{ID}&group={Location}"` <br>Use the following version: <br>`Url="/Customer?{ID}&amp;group={Location}"` <br><br>If the REST service also requires that you escape special character within the URL used at runtime, you might have to use double-escaping. <br><br>For the following text:: <br>`Url="/Customer?{ID}&amp;group={Location}"` <br>Use the following version: <br>`Url="/Customer?{ID}&amp;amp;group={Location}"` |
```

>    | **HTTP Method and URL Mapping** | BTS Operation Mapping allows users to map incoming HTTP requests to BTS Operation in the message context, based on the incoming HTTP Method and the URL sub-path. The incoming HTTP Method and the URL sub-path are matched against a set of HTTP method and the URI Template. If a match is found, the adapter promotes the **BTS.Operation** property to the BizTalk Message Context with the value specified in the message.<br /><br /> You can specify HTTP method to URL mapping as a singular format or a multi-mapping format. The multi-mapping format resembles the following:<br /><br /> `BtsHttpUrlMapping> <Operation Name = "DelCust" Method="DELETE" Url="/Customer/12345" /> </BtsHttpUrlMapping>`<br /><br /> In the above snippet, notice that the customer ID is provided as a constant value, which is *12345*. However, there could be scenarios when the customer ID, or any other query variable, must be determined at runtime. To enable such scenarios, you must provide the variable component of the URL within curly brackets { }. For example, in the above snippet, if you specify the customer ID as a variable, it would look like:<br /><br /> `<BtsHttpUrlMapping> <Operation Name = "DelCust" Method="DELETE" Url="/Customer/{ID}" /> </BtsHttpUrlMapping>`<br /><br /> In such a case, you must also specify where the value for the variable **ID** must be picked from at runtime. You specify that using **Variable Mapping**. <br /><br />**Note**<br /> Within the URL field, any special XML characters must be "escaped". This ensures that the special XML characters are processed, and preserved by the port. For example, the `&` special character must be escaped as `&amp;`. <br /><br />For:<br />`Url=”/Customer?{ID}&group={Location}”`<br />Use: <br />`Url=”/Customer?{ID}&amp;group={Location}”`<br /><br />If the REST service also requires the special character be escaped within the URL used at runtime, double-escaping may be required. <br /><br />For:<br />`Url=”/Customer?{ID}&amp;group={Location}”`<br />Use: <br />`Url=”/Customer?{ID}&amp;amp;group={Location}”` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | **HTTP Method and URL Mapping** | BTS Operation Mapping lets you map incoming HTTP requests to the BTS Operation in the message context, based on the incoming HTTP method and the URL subpath. The incoming HTTP method and the URL subpath are matched against a set of HTTP methods and the URI template. If a match is found, the adapter promotes the **BTS.Operation** property to the BizTalk Message Context with the value specified in the message. <br><br>You can specify the HTTP method to the URL mapping as a singular format or a multi-mapping format. The multi-mapping format resembles the following syntax: <br><br>`<BtsHttpUrlMapping> <Operation Name= "DelCust" Method="DELETE" Url="/Customer/12345" /> </BtsHttpUrlMapping>` <br><br>In the above snippet, the customer ID is provided as a constant value, which is *12345*. However, there might be scenarios where the customer ID, or any other query variable, must be determined at runtime. To enable such scenarios, you must provide the variable component of the URL within curly brackets (**{}**). For example, in the above snippet, if you specify the customer ID as a variable, the syntax looks like the following version: <br><br>`<BtsHttpUrlMapping> <Operation Name="DelCust" Method="DELETE" Url="/Customer/{ID}" /> </BtsHttpUrlMapping>` <br><br>In this case, you must also specify from where to get the value for the **ID** variable at runtime. You can specify this value using **Variable Mapping**. <br><br>**Note**: Within the URL field, you must "escape" any special XML characters to make sure that the port processes and preserves the special characters. For example, you must escape the `&` special character as `&amp;`. <br><br>For the following text: <br>`Url="/Customer?{ID}&group={Location}"` <br>Use the following version: <br>`Url="/Customer?{ID}&amp;group={Location}"` <br><br>If the REST service also requires that you escape special character within the URL used at runtime, you might have to use double-escaping. <br><br>For the following text:: <br>`Url="/Customer?{ID}&amp;group={Location}"` <br>Use the following version: <br>`Url="/Customer?{ID}&amp;amp;group={Location}"` |
```

>    | **HTTP Method and URL Mapping** | BTS Operation Mapping lets you map incoming HTTP requests to the BTS Operation in the message context, based on the incoming HTTP method and the URL subpath. The incoming HTTP method and the URL subpath are matched against a set of HTTP methods and the URI template. If a match is found, the adapter promotes the **BTS.Operation** property to the BizTalk Message Context with the value specified in the message. <br><br>You can specify the HTTP method to the URL mapping as a singular format or a multi-mapping format. The multi-mapping format resembles the following syntax: <br><br>`<BtsHttpUrlMapping> <Operation Name= "DelCust" Method="DELETE" Url="/Customer/12345" /> </BtsHttpUrlMapping>` <br><br>In the above snippet, the customer ID is provided as a constant value, which is *12345*. However, there might be scenarios where the customer ID, or any other query variable, must be determined at runtime. To enable such scenarios, you must provide the variable component of the URL within curly brackets (**{}**). For example, in the above snippet, if you specify the customer ID as a variable, the syntax looks like the following version: <br><br>`<BtsHttpUrlMapping> <Operation Name="DelCust" Method="DELETE" Url="/Customer/{ID}" /> </BtsHttpUrlMapping>` <br><br>In this case, you must also specify from where to get the value for the **ID** variable at runtime. You can specify this value using **Variable Mapping**. <br><br>**Note**: Within the URL field, you must "escape" any special XML characters to make sure that the port processes and preserves the special characters. For example, you must escape the `&` special character as `&amp;`. <br><br>For the following text: <br>`Url="/Customer?{ID}&group={Location}"` <br>Use the following version: <br>`Url="/Customer?{ID}&amp;group={Location}"` <br><br>If the REST service also requires that you escape special character within the URL used at runtime, you might have to use double-escaping. <br><br>For the following text:: <br>`Url="/Customer?{ID}&amp;group={Location}"` <br>Use the following version: <br>`Url="/Customer?{ID}&amp;amp;group={Location}"` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   | **HTTP Method and URL Mapping** | BTS Operation Mapping lets you map incoming HTTP requests to the BTS Operation in the message context, based on the incoming HTTP method and the URL subpath. The incoming HTTP method and the URL subpath are matched against a set of HTTP methods and the URI template. If a match is found, the adapter promotes the **BTS.Operation** property to the BizTalk Message Context with the value specified in the message. <br><br>You can specify the HTTP method to the URL mapping as a singular format or a multi-mapping format. The multi-mapping format resembles the following syntax: <br><br>`<BtsHttpUrlMapping> <Operation Name="DelCust" Method="DELETE" Url="/Customer/12345" /> </BtsHttpUrlMapping>` <br><br>In the above snippet, the customer ID is provided as a constant value, which is *12345*. However, there might be scenarios where the customer ID, or any other query variable, must be determined at runtime. To enable such scenarios, you must provide the variable component of the URL within curly brackets (**{}**). For example, in the above snippet, if you specify the customer ID as a variable, the syntax looks like the following version: <br><br>`<BtsHttpUrlMapping> <Operation Name="DelCust" Method="DELETE" Url="/Customer/{ID}" /> </BtsHttpUrlMapping>` <br><br>In this case, you must also specify from where to get the value for the **ID** variable at runtime. You can specify this value using **Variable Mapping**. <br><br>**Note**: Within the URL field, you must "escape" any special XML characters to make sure that the port processes and preserves the special characters. For example, you must escape the `&` special character as `&amp;`. <br><br>For the following text: <br>`Url="/Customer?{ID}&group={Location}"` <br>Use the following version: <br>`Url="/Customer?{ID}&amp;group={Location}"` <br><br>If the REST service also requires that you escape special character within the URL used at runtime, you might have to use double-escaping. <br><br>For the following text:: <br>`Url="/Customer?{ID}&amp;group={Location}"` <br>Use the following version: <br>`Url="/Customer?{ID}&amp;amp;group={Location}"` |
```
